{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f33\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f35\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f36\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f38\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f39\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f43\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f44\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f45\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f46\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \i\f1\fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{
\s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\ul\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\cf6\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs17 \additive \ul\cf12 \sbasedon10 FollowedHyperlink;}
}{\info{\title SuperStorm V1}{\author Gary Mullins}{\operator Gary_2}{\creatim\yr2005\mo3\dy21\min37}{\revtim\yr2005\mo7\dy24\hr19\min30}{\version10}{\edmins184}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords1469}{\nofchars8375}{\*\company Individual}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8269}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\cf1 SuperStorm V2.0}{\f1\fs20\cf1 

\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 --[Description]-}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par 
\par SuperStorm is a script designed to improve the Skirmish and Multiplayer functions of The Moon Project and Lost Souls by enabling AI alliances, weather and many other features.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 --[Version History]-
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1 18 July 2005 V2.0}{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1 -AIs renamed and made further easier or harder
\par -Multiplayer added}{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1 07 May 2005 V2.0 Beta 3}{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1 -AIs with less respawns added
\par -AIs with more respawns added}{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1 14 March 2005 V2.0 Beta 2}{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1 -AIs further reinforced in cash flow modes.}{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1 5 March 2005 V2.0 Beta 1
\par Public Beta of SuperStorm V2. Aggresso AI System: AI players can now do the following:
\par -Send all their units out
\par -Send units to attack specific targets, e.g. civil targets / buildings / units
\par -Attack players other than their main target
\par -Attack bases which aren\rquote t at the players starting point
\par -Send units to defend allies in trouble
\par -Deploy a more realistic mix of units than previous versions
\par -Deploy different units depending on research tactics
\par -Play Bounty Hunter properly
\par -Adjust to selected Research Speed when playing SS gametypes (otherwise 2x by default)
\par -Adjust to player\rquote s level of play
\par General updates:
\par -Tech War now incorporated into \'93Research Speed\'94 combo box.
\par -Bounty Hunter updates \endash  cash injection if all players are running low}{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1 -Bounty Hunter always shares ally cash
\par -Strange alliances fixed by using new teams system (old system is now called \'93Teams of [n] Slots\'94
\par -Console text displays participating players at the start of the game and when a player is defeated.
\par -Consolidation options removed as they were causing too many problems.
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1 26 November 2002 V1.6
\par Many new AI players added \endash  now a variety of controlled deployments are available and Tech War and No-Air AIs can be used. The AI player personalities are listed below in the [AI Players] section.}{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1 10 October 2002 V1.4
\par Team Pooling and Consolidation options now run more smoothly \endash  Team Pooling occurs every minute and Consolidation happens every 4 mins exactly, plus destructive weather avoids observer player bases. Team 
Pooling cash values have also been corrected.
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1 20 September 2002 V1.3
\par The script is now compatible with Lost Souls. Alliances are much faster, a few Defeat bugs have been removed and there is now a Special Units mode.
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1 8 August 2002 V1.25
\par Three new options added: "Team Pooler", "Consolidation" and a combination "TP Consolidation" in Special Options. These are for use in team games of SuperStorm.
\par 
\par 13 July 2002 V1.21
\par "Explored Map" option added, AI platoon usage update, Observer mode Victory fix, Bounty Hunte
r 3000CR+ bounty fix, faster Alliances and Observer mode initialisation. Additional options added to Resource Options and Research Speed, and some lower cash options with limited use removed from Unit and Structure Bounty Rates. A number of minor scriptin
g fixes have also been included to improve performance on slower machines. Bounty Hunter gives 60 000CR starting cash to allow building up of a base before rushing out to gain cash.}{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1 6 June 2002 V1.1
\par New "Bounty Hunter" game type added, "CTF" (Capture the Flag), added to single and multiplayer, "Teams as Factions" option, "Tech War" enabled.
\par 
\par 22 May 2002 V1.04
\par Additional mining options enabled for those looking for slower mining games and an option to use the default AIs vs Humans system.
\par 
\par 20 April 2002 V1.03
\par Multiplayer is now integrated into the SuperStorm script. New, much better AI players, 'personalities', added.
\par 
\par 4 April 2002 V1.01
\par Removed some script traces which may have appeared when using the 'display.show 1' cheat. These were for testing purposes only.
\par 
\par 21 March 2002 V1.00
\par This was the first public release of SuperStorm.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 --[Installation]-}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par 
\par Simply drag the included "SuperStorm.wd" file into the WDFiles folder of The Moon Project or Lost Souls directory. If you need to remove the mo
difications, either delete the file or move it out of The Moon Project / Lost Souls directory - no game files are changed or damaged by SuperStorm.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 --[Structures Single Player Instructions]-}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par 
\par The "SuperStorm Structures" script should be selected by default. Simply go to "Skirmish" as usual from the main menu.  If not, simply choose it from the drop-down game type menu. These are the options available:
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\ul\cf1 Team Options}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par (FFA) - Free For All - Everyone vs Everyone
\par (Teams of [2/3/4/5/6/7/8]) - The players are divided into teams of selected number.
\par (Teams of [2/3/4/5/6/7/8] Slots) - The player slots are divided into teams.
\par (AI vs Humans) - Destroy Structures default where AI players attack humans. 
\par (Teams as Factions) - Players of the same faction are allied.
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\ul\cf1 Weather}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par (No effects) - Destroy Structures default with no weather.
\par (Passive) - Weather effects appropriate to terrain, which do no damage.
\par (Destructive) - Lightning or Meteor Showers travel randomly across the map.
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\ul\cf1 Special Options}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par (Normal) - Special Options Off
\par (Map Objects On) - Enables structures and units added to the map by the map maker. This fixes the team slots.
\par (Observer) - This mode allows you to watch AI players battling it out. The map is revealed and you are allied with all players. Disabled in multiplayer.
\par (Explored Map) - This removes the Fog of War to allow players to see the terrain of the whole map. Enemy units and structures are not revealed.
\par (Team Pooler) - This option pools the resources of your teams. You will find cash is deducted or added in line with your team's average.
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\ul\cf1 Earning Money}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par (Mining [amount]) Default. Amount changes amount of resources available on each resource patch. Note that Very High is the Destroy Structures default.
\par (x CR/min) Funded warfare with no mining. Amounts of donations per minute can be selected.
\par (Unlimited) Unlimited Cash.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\ul\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\cf1 Research Speed
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20\cf1 ([multiplier] Faster) \endash  Accelerate research speed. 2x is the default.
\par (Tech War) \endash  Same as standard Tech War mode \endash  no research required.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\ul\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\cf1 Tech Limit
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20\cf1 As in normal game \endash  limits available technologies.}{\cf1 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par Note that ALLIED VICTORY is always enabled in SuperStorm, even though there is not a combo box option for it.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 --[Structures Multiplayer Instructions]-}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par 
\par The same as single player, with the following exceptions:
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\ul\cf1 Team Options}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par (No AI / Normal AI) - This is the default. Any AI players present will attack human players, and no team scripting is run. Choose this option for best multiplayer network performance, especially where no AIs are involved in the game.
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\ul\cf1 Special Options}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par (Slow EXP x[rate]) - This option slows the rate that the build restriction lifts from players. Using this you will have to wait a longer time until you can move to new resource areas or expand your base. The idea is to improve strategy by i
mposing a limit on how many mining areas you can cover at a time, and to limit dropping structures into opponent bases.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 --[Bounty Hunter Single Player & Multiplayer Instructions]-}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par 
\par This is a new type of game where you can only gain money by destroying ene
my units and buildings. Wins are gained by destroying all structures, as usual. Select "SuperStorm Bounty Hunter" from the game type menu of Skirmish or Multiplayer. There are two new options replacing Resource Options and Special Options:
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\ul\cf1 Unit Bounties}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\cf6\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\cf1 Select a bounty level. The higher the level of bounties, the more credits you will be awarded for a kill.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\f1\fs20\ul\cf1 Structure Bounties}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\cf6\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\cf1 Select a bounty level. The higher the level of bounties, the more credits you will be awarded for destroying structures.

\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 --[Special Units Single Player & Multiplayer Instructions]-}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par 
\par Special Units mode creates some of the units from the campaigns at your base at certain intervals. UCS get a Grizzly, ED a UFO and LC two Fangs.
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\ul\cf1 Respawn Rate}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par Determines how often units are created at your base.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 --[Capture The Flag Single Player & Multiplayer Instructions]-}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par 
\par Select "SuperStorm CTF" from the Game Type menu of Skirmish / Multiplayer to enable this mode. To win this game type, you must use a Unit Transporter to move an opponent's flag on to one of your spi
nning artifacts. This results in an instant defeat of the player whose flag it is. Note that you can move your own flag if required, but there must be space around the spinning artifacts if you are to defeat players. Combo boxes are the same as in SuperSt
orm Structures.}{\i\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 --[AI Players]-}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par 
\par To use the SuperStorm AI players, select them from the player slot as you would "Expert" or "Hard". Be sure to review the notes below relating to the AI players.
\par 
\par }{\f1\fs20\ul\cf1 AI Players
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\cf6\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\cf1 There are a number of new AI players, which are listed together and start f
rom the easiest player (Dubna) and rank up to the hardest (Charon). The XA versions are identical but do not deploy any air units.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 --[Notes]-}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\cf6\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\cf1 -Certain maps have been designed with the player slots in the wrong order. These will make \'93Teams of [n] Slots\'94
 alliances not work properly, but \'93Teams of [n]\'94 will work.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\cf6\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\cf1 -Using "Random Positions" will mix up the Alliance process whichever option you choose.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par -For the SuperStorm AI players to work properly, you must choose a map with plenty of space in player bases.}{\i\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par -Note that the AI players spawn units - they do not build them. Sadly this has become necessary because of limitations in MoonC scripting.
\par 
\par -The console stats, such as "Bounties Collected" and "Units destroyed" are totalled for all players, and are not personal stats. In addition, they don't update until they next appear (this is to improve performance).
\par 
\par -For Special Units mode, choose a map which doesn\rquote t have resources right where your builder starts as the units will always been spawned in that area.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 --[Credits]-}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par 
\par Scripting: SpaceTug
\par Polish translation: Rosic
\par German translation: Jerry :)
\par Russian translation: Arks
\par 
\par SuperStorm is scripted by, and is the copyright property of Gary Mullins (\'93SpaceTug\'94). }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 You must gain permission from him to host this script on your site. }{\f1\fs20\cf1 Many thanks to the beta testers for keeping the script
 clean, and to the translators.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 SpaceTug\rquote s website: }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f1\fs20\cf1  HYPERLINK "http://homepage.ntlworld.com/gmtechb/Earth/" }{\f1\fs20\cf1 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000170000002c00000068007400740070003a002f002f0068006f006d00650070006100670065002e006e0074006c0077006f0072006c0064002e0063006f006d002f0067006d00740065006300680062002f00450061007200740068002f000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c82
00aa004ba90b5800000068007400740070003a002f002f0068006f006d00650070006100670065002e006e0074006c0077006f0072006c0064002e0063006f006d002f0067006d00740065006300680062002f00450061007200740068002f000000000000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs16\f1\fs20\ul\cf1 
http://homepage.ntlworld.com/gmtechb/Earth/}}}{\f1\fs20\cf1 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1 Contact address: }{\f1\fs20\cf1 See website, and click \'93SpaceTug\'94 under \'93Authors and Links\'94
\par }}